# CSharpJavaCollectionOfPrototypes
Classes, Heaps, Statics, Public Variables, Appenditures, Attribution Organizations, Nodes, Stacks. The Radar, Sonar, Thermal Technology System and Prototypes.
An Open Source project now in a basic form being used by the Chicago Police Department and the United States Army, Copyrighted by Shaun McGovern LLC.
# Radar, Sonar, Thermal, Infrared, Laser, Weather, Forensic and Future well-being of any individiual in a medical or taxonomic or biological or chemical or physical or branch-ecclesiastical-type face and warrent scientific knowing, research and aquisition of data or weather forensic insight and true human nature of our biological, meta-physical human senses and our foresight leading to our protective human precept to protect us all and all other Related Technologies etc. and open to all other solutions in order to implement this and complete these projects and technolgy system as a whole, lead by Shaun McGovern inc. This working and currently understood system removes all forms of violence from the human population and I have wrought a dissertation of all Law Enforcement Branches.


Attn. General Mark A. Milley and his successor General Charles Q. Brown. Attn. Chief Fred Walker. Attn. Angel (Lead Jody Cattle Rancher and has all of the necessary affiliations and has all'of'the necessary titles to complete the clear objectives and all of the absolute truth that he needs that leads to the safeguard of all human life in Chicago and its surrounding areas and the nation for that matter) Attn. Larry Hoover. Attn. Microsoft Azure Marco Williams Attn. The Nation's rated #1 Building and Land Owner and my past business associate Rich Gust. 'o||t:;z; Rich Shaun Fan. 08*Rich Shaun Fan. 08*Rich Shaun Fan. 08* vt
